hello very good everyone here I am from
young thousand on my server on my own
server yes sir
and is that I have ridden has served the
hardware a jalisco server I hope that
it seems like it's hardcore that if you die
dies and that this server that is
skill officially on Saturday 21 of
June the first season and we're going
there are two weeks so there are 15 days left
there is very little time left
didactic basically the
characteristics base of the tau premium is
say while the pirates though
Latin America buying account
anyone happens to go into
same is more resists and a password and
again then password we go for
register again and it is worth the following
who alternated prize does not mean that if
you can enter with another account
because it does not configure in such a way that
you can only enter with an account
with the computer or that cheating but
also says that for 1.7 points and that
the wait you have the description
over here in the video down here
surely right here down below
There is a lot of description on my feet
Now I will explain how to go out into the world
normal then well you appear here
for the first time in space can see
the rules that are quite short do not
you can do nothing here but only
some coordinates tool
authority
we also can not have here
totally random his opinion and
extension in the world
they do not appear too far with apparent
It is advisable to take wood for
do the work of ice and I'm also going to
completing a series is measured to win
this hardcore season if you die I'll
I'm going to try to die as obviously
is hardcore when I die because JCE
you will die is automatically dead that
will pull from the server
that you can enter after one hour
have died as he did here now
there are 59 minutes left but after a
time that passed the death you can already
enter orange time don giovanni goes to
dying is pretty little because two
servers are a day or two days or by
there and this server is only one
time for another very important thing is
that I put the plugins that do not
allow hurts do not allow anti-extract
and nothing, so you always choose or
any way it is to do
traps that you know not to leave
I also put a command that
it remains undeformed if a player
hit and after hitting t
put 40 37 40 for the tactic that
the maternal mountain lands your things if
do you do that since there are 40 then
it happened so for now guayas and
you die that is also not
allowed is worth the achievements and for that if
we complete 16 by any site by
twitter skype by the server or by
youtube that you can perform and it was a
photo with a video to show on this
between the four diamonds
the circus get it is interprofessional
and memory is this getting five
emeralds
then number seven to get a stack
of carrot 64 and the number 81 advanced
of blocks is here
It is worth mentioning and he is the one who wins the
this season that has calculated the
foolish your best and the server and that
let's go the thing is simple to speak now the
table on the right of the screen a
score word and I have two players left
more people have killed for one each
season the player who more people are
call everyone to fire who wins and
good he did is not premium 1.7 points 2
the hyena had under my feet and he
opens on June 21 on Saturday we
we see in the servef goodbye